#0-sellerid, 1-productid, 2-category, 3-appname, 4-appdescription1, 5-appdescription2, 6-appdescription3, 7-appdescription4, 8-appdescription5, 9-price, 10-appsize, 11-downloadsUS
1, 9, 1, NOTLIM, NOTLIM is the world's most famous hard mineral driller. Tilt your device to move NOTLIM, around and mine the diamonds around you. It might be very hard at first but it gets better, or at least that's what previous players say., Let's be honest you will value more your life from a year ago after playing this game., You have been warned.,Free, 15.4MB,12
7, 10, 1, Intro & Taller, Intro & Taller are two cute little bunnies that live in a hole. One day their home is invaded, by aliens from space that want them to use them as variables for their python functions., It's up to Intro & Taller to sneak in their space ship the TEC (Technology Evaporates, Conejos) and destroy it once and for all with the help of computer science legend Arnold, Schwarzenegger and space veteran Samus Aran.,$0.99, 23.7MB,1
7, 11, 1, Jessie, Wake up in a world where business administrators have taken over the planet. They have, damaged our hardware software machines and killed all engineers. Now Jessie the last, Real Engineer will have to survive against hordes of undergraduates to fight the big boss, the feared Supreme Leader of the First Order known as Natalia, "I liked the accounting minigame" - IGN,$6.99, 1.2GB,4
3, 12, 1, Game of Shots, I'm going to be honest with you. While making this app I was so frustrated because I, couldn't get a flipping search engine to work so I got up and served myself a glass, of amaretto. That's when it hit me! A drinking game. Sidenote: It was delicious., So you know just download this app and drink to forget your programming course grades., University life is not healthy.,$0.99, 19.3MB, 0
2, 13, 1, Monument Valley, In Monument Valley you will manipulate impossible architecture and guide a silent, princess through a stunningly beautiful world., Winner of Apple Design Award in 2014. Monument Valley comes to our App Store to fill, your need for valleys and monuments in them., We hope you enjoy playing it. :),$2.99, 662.6MB, 0
7, 14, 1, Life is Strange, Experience the journey through time with Max Caulfield photography student at Blackwell, Academy. One day she meets her estranged friend Chloe Price. Together they begin an, adventure for a missing friend and an oncoming storm. Cry with 5 episodes of good, character development and emotional scenes. After Life is Strange you'll never be the, same. You'll cry like a baby every time there's a blue butterfly around.,$6.99, 943.6MB,4
1, 15, 1, Unbreakable, "Be excellent to each other", Become UNBREAKABLE in Jeff Schmidt's new adventure. This time he gets on a jetpack, and mounts a dinosaur. Why? You ask. Because he can., He is Jeff of House Schmidt. First of His Name. the Unburnt. King of the Andals and the, First Men. Khal of the Great Programming Sea. Breaker of Strings. Father of Software. Lord of the Seven Kingdoms and Protector of the Realm. The amount of titles is even longer than what the description allows. Guess I'll just hide an easter egg over here. *wink* .,Free, 76.9MB, 0
5, 16, 1, Stocks, You might be wondering why the Stocks app is listed as a game. Because stocks ARE, a game. There's you know strategy involved. You have to be alert. You might lose, everything in a second. You might be rich for a week until the Bitcoin price goes down and, you go back to living under a bridge., Or you might be the guy who never bet on virtual currency and won. Good for you.,Free, 0.2MB, 0